is_city = yes

base_tax = 5
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 4

add_core = X16
owner = X16
controller = X16

culture = culture_eorlingas
religion = religion_eorlingas

trade_goods = grain
trade_goods = grain

hre = no

discovered_by = lotr_ahar
discovered_by = lotr_bellakarian
discovered_by = lotr_black_numenorean
discovered_by = lotr_chyan
discovered_by = lotr_daen
discovered_by = lotr_dunedain
discovered_by = lotr_dwarven
discovered_by = lotr_dragon
discovered_by = lotr_easterling
discovered_by = lotr_elven
discovered_by = lotr_eriadorian
discovered_by = lotr_ent
discovered_by = lotr_goblin
discovered_by = lotr_giant
discovered_by = lotr_great_spider
discovered_by = lotr_half_dwarf
discovered_by = lotr_hobbit
discovered_by = lotr_half_orc
discovered_by = lotr_haradrim
discovered_by = lotr_linerim
discovered_by = lotr_lochans
discovered_by = lotr_lynerians
discovered_by = lotr_northmen
discovered_by = lotr_orc
discovered_by = lotr_rohirrim
discovered_by = lotr_sand_men
discovered_by = lotr_shelflanders
discovered_by = lotr_siranians
discovered_by = lotr_snow_men
discovered_by = lotr_swarthy_men
discovered_by = lotr_troll
discovered_by = lotr_ts_balla
discovered_by = lotr_urdic_men
discovered_by = lotr_uruk_hai
discovered_by = lotr_wizard
discovered_by = lotr_womarin
discovered_by = lotr_woses
discovered_by = lotr_wights
